So, as I said, I want you to have a road
map, a highle road map of what the AI
second brain system, this system that we
talk about looks like and how if if
assuming you want to learn alongside us,
what that might look like, how it works.
All right.
Um, I don't have that many slides. I
think I have like 25 or 26. Uh, there's
going to be plenty of time for us to
interact. That's kind of one of the main
benefits of this format. Um, in the
cohort itself, we do breakout rooms, we
do coaching, we do a lot of different
things. In today's call, just because
it's so large, it will be mostly
questions that we will interact with via
the chat. So, I'll have two separate
times for you to to ask questions in the
chat. You can put questions anytime and
we'll do our best to answer them. But I
will specifically turn to questions in
the middle after about um 45 minutes or
so and then at the end for the last 15
to 20 or 30 minutes.
Okay. So save your hardest questions for
me.
But first let's get on the same page.
So
a few kind of observations
and perspectives here. uh to kind of set
the stage, set the context,
I really believe that there's a new
bottleneck in modern productivity.
There's a new constraint.
It's no longer your time.
So just just think of first line, think
about this for a sec. Think about your
career. Think about your life, your life
experiences.
And just imagine for a sec, even not
even to do with AI, just set AI aside.
Can you even imagine what it means to
have your time, the time you have
available, not be a bottleneck?
Just just like try to imagine. Imagine
if you had infinite time.
If time was not a factor, time was not a
limitation. It's almost as if you could
pause time for as long as you needed and
spend as much time as was needed on
whatever you wanted to create or learn
or experience
every anywhere you wanted to travel,
anyone you wanted to meet.
It's like really an imagination
challenge here. [laughter]
[gasps]
Imagine what it would be like to have
your attention not be a bottleneck.
you know, your attention, your ability
to focus, your attention span, your
ability to to pay attention to things
that are hard or complicated or boring.
What would you do with that mind of
yours, with that creativity if attention
was not a bottleneck?
And then intelligence. What if your
intelligence even was not a bottleneck
on what you could create, achieve,
experience, the impact you could have,
not your your natural talents that you
were born with, your IQ, your EQ, even
all those natural traits. What if those
were just not a limitation anymore?
And imagine or just consider that the
bottleneck has moved. The bottleneck has
moved to collecting, curating, and
providing context, which is really just
information, to increasingly powerful
generations of artificial intelligence
tools,
which is a skill. It's not it's not
obvious how to do this. It's a skill.
It's a it's a discipline that we're
calling PCM, personal context
management.
the brand new skill in the world that if
you can master, you can get around this
bottleneck.
So, thinking about you as the human in
all this, don't want to forget about
that part.
Consider that
your AI, all your different AI tools can
only use, they can only make use of what
you give it.
what you give it. Your personal curated
context, your notes, your knowledge,
your expertise, your experience, your
memories, your points of view, your
perspectives, your relationships, your
network, all the stuff that makes you
you
is now not just this, you know, little
weird productivity habit you have. It's
it's a treasure trove. It's just an
incredibly valuable treasure trove of
data that no one else has, no one else
can access, no one else can compile, no
one else can generate.
That context I believe is the only way
that you escape you escape you know
the disruptive changes that are coming
that you escape uh competition that you
create a a a real competitive advantage
that doesn't you know get eliminated
with the next AI release. Uh I call it
the mediocrity trap.
Everything with AI you may have noticed
kind of pulls you towards the average.
the way the AI thinks, the way that it
writes, the way that it uh it works
through problems. It's constantly sort
of homogenizing your thinking. And
that's because it's trained on the
entire internet. Everyone else's ideas
and opinions and everything they've ever
said. You can't stand out. You can't
really have a competitive advantage if
you allow yourself to be pulled into
that that average that, you know, that
that that average level of quality, that
mediocrity.
I published a video a few months ago uh
maybe someone on the team could drop
that in the chat which was exploring uh
some research
that has been done on something called
context rot.
Okay. So imagine
actually before I go there there's
something called a context window. Okay.
We're going to we're going to start here
at the very very beginning. [laughter]
I'm not going to assume that you know
you know anything about how these AI
platforms which are known as LLMs large
language models work. So your context
window the AI's context window is how
much information it can work with. You
can think of it almost like it's working
memory or it's RAM,
right? So you can give uh an LLM, you
know, 10,000 words or tokens, 50,000,
100,000, but at a certain point it it
quits at a certain point there's an
error. I'm sure you've come across this.
You have exceeded the context window.
So
without getting too technical here, what
you really need to understand is context
windows have limits. They are not
infinite, not even close. Even with the
latest AI models that say, oh, a million
token context window, 2 million context,
those are lies. [laughter]
As this paper uh really proves and
explains, the effective context window,
how much you can actually give to these
AI platforms, is really only maybe 25 to
50% of what they claim.
that comes out to something around 30 to
50,000 words.
Okay? So even if they say a million
words, 2 million, 5 million words, if
you exceed around 30 to 50,000 words or
in AI speak tokens, you start having
these negative impacts, which is what
this paper documents, you start having
context poisoning.
Context poisoning is when one little
error, one little mistake, it poisons
the whole interaction with AI. It's like
it gets fixated, obsessed with this one
error and it can't let it go. I'm sure
you've experienced this.
Or this context distraction. If there's
too much in the context that you give
the AI that is not relevant to the task
at hand, it gets distracted just like
humans, right? It gets it gets kind of
all over the place. It gets fragmented.
It's it's paying attention to the wrong
things. It's it's getting distracted
just very much like humans do.
And then there's context confusion.
These are all kind of failure modes that
the research has documented. Context
confusion is when there's things that
conflict.
What is the AI supposed to do if you
have two pieces of information that are
either inconsistent or they're directly
contradictory or they're incompatible,
which I guarantee you will happen. the
more context that you try to give it.
So, setting aside all this, this is the
most technical we're going to get right
here. [laughter]
[gasps] So, setting aside all this new
terminology and these numbers, that
little warning sign down there at the
bottom right is what I want you to take
away from this. You cannot just dump
everything in. I wish you could. I wish
you could just say, "Here, here's my
hard drives, my computer, my cloud
drives. Here's all my loginins. Just
access it all. Make sense of it all.
organize it all. You really cannot. You
have to selectively curate the right I
think of them as bundles of context, the
minimum amount of context that you need
to accomplish the task at hand.
And that might seem like just a random,
you know, kind of technical detail, but
it's huge, you guys.
It's so important because it means that
all the stuff that we that we had to do
and that we learned pre-AI, how to
organize, how to curate, how to select,
how to take notes, how to structure, all
those things are still important.
They're even more important because you
have to do them to take advantage of
AI's power.
So, zooming out for a second, what is
this AI second brain? It's the same as
it always was [laughter] going back with
my work over 10 years now. Uh and really
if you look at the history of what we
call PKM that's personal knowledge
management goes back decades
uh decades to the early years of the
20th century. It's a system designed to
amplify you.
It's a system that lives outside your
head, outside your body that is designed
to amplify you, to unlock your creative
potential, and ultimately at the
grandest scale to unlock your ability to
lead a thriving generative life.
So, we're using generative AI to lead a
generative life. [laughter]
And this graphic on the right is kind of
the the 50,000 foot view of how we're
going to do this. It's been amazing to
me. It's been so surprising that
all the the the the techniques and the
skills that came preai not only are
still relevant, like I said, they're
more important than ever. So, at the
bottom there, we have code. That is the
core method that I talked about in my
book, Building a Second Brain.
Okay. So, that really is centering your
creative process, your productive
process. Getting information in, which
is the C, capture, organizing it. That's
the O, distilling it, and then
expressing it. That has to be the
foundation. Ultimately, you're trying to
put something out there, to publish
something, communicate something, launch
something, sell something. There's an
expression at the end.
To do that, we build this new layer on
top, which is parah, which is a way to
organize your entire digital life. That
was explained in my book, the parah
method,
because you need certain kinds of
information to express whatever you're
trying to express. You have projects,
that's the P. You have areas of
responsibility, both at work and in your
personal life, that's the A. You have a
wide variety of resources, that's the R.
And you have archives, that's the second
A.
Okay, so those two methodologies code
and parah at this point are very very
very well distributed. [laughter]
Um in fact we'll send you some links
like there's the books themselves but if
you don't want to read a book there's
YouTube videos there's the podcast
there's many blog posts you can have at
it in whatever format you like to learn
there is a way for you to learn those
two methodologies
but we're adding a new one right we're
adding this new layer that is building
on it is extending those preai
capabilities but with this new
generation of technology that we call AI
All right.
So, let's zoom in a bit. Let's get into
it. How how does this AI powered second
brain work?
So, I always like to think of like a
system like a like almost like a
mechanical system like if this was a a
manufacturing line or if it was a you
know a water treatment plant like how
does the like the actual bits of
information flow from one place to
another and how does that add value to
my life?
So the four main parts that we're going
to talk about in the program that we're
teaching and this is also going to find
its way into everything else that we do
is in four parts. So the first one as
ever as always is capture.
You need a way to capture information,
right? That's that's how you that's
where it all starts. Capture notes,
capture ideas, capture insights,
highlights from your reading. Now,
there's new ways to do that with AI. You
can have an AI notetaker now. You can do
voice transcription. There's a lot of
really powerful AI capture tools, but
you still need to think about it.
There's still some decisions to be made.
How do I want to capture information?
What is the way of capturing that fits
me?
Once you've captured it, as before, this
part also hasn't changed, is you want to
organize it. And that's where Perah
comes in. Okay. And the key thing with
parah that I'll point out here, there's
a there's there's a lot to say here, but
you need an organizational system that
makes sense for both humans and AI. This
is the key point you guys. You can have
AI create a completely custom bespoke
organizational system that perfectly
fits how it thinks, but if it doesn't
fit how you think, then you've just
created a system that you can actually
make use of,
right? So, so PAR not only is, you know,
really well proven and well validated,
it's simple enough and it's
straightforward enough that AIs can
understand it perfectly and so can
humans. That's the key the key criteria.
Now, this is where it changes. Okay.
Instead of going to distillation, which
is a which was quite a manual, you know,
laborintensive process, the information
in parah that you've organized now flows
into what we call a master prompt.
Okay? I'm going to say a lot more about
that in just a minute, but it's
basically that curated context that you
provide to AI that I was mentioning
before.
Then
the that master prompt or those master
prompts plural
flow into and inform what I think of as
a set of AI advisors like an AI board of
adviserss. Imagine if you had a coach
and a business consultant and a
strategic analyst and then also a
relationship coach and a health coach
and you know all the all the people that
if you had unlimited money you would
hire to help you. you can now have with
AI but it requires some design requires
a little bit of of uh of you know of
designing.
All right.
So I want to say a little bit more about
the master prompt because this is really
this is really kind of the core thing.
What is a master prompt?
You can think of a master prompt as
your personal operating manual for AI,
for all AI, all the different, you
probably have half a dozen or a dozen
different AI tools you work with. So,
this is a completely crossplatform
platform agnostic way of working with
AI. It's not limited to any one
platform.
Okay? So imagine just a and I'll show
you mine in a second but uh imagine just
a document like any document a txt
document a markdown document a word
document if you want a Google doc just a
single long document that has some of
these little bubbles that you see around
the outside.
So, as I read each of these, imagine
your interactions, whether it's with
Claude or Gemini or ChatPT or Notebook
LM or Perplexity or whatever it is.
Imagine if that AI knew say your basic
personal details.
Okay, I mean this you guys, this is this
is this is so fundamental. I feel like
this needs to be taught in schools. I
every single person in the world should
do this. In fact, this is why we we we
published a video on the master prompt
uh in the summer. It was one of our most
popular videos of the last year. And in
fact, that became a whole series.
Someone in the in the uh from the team,
if you could share that in the chat,
that would be great. I decided to just
give that content away freely to the
world because I think it's just it's
like basic fluency for modern life at
this point. But imagine if it knew your
basic personal details. who you are,
what's your name, how old are you, where
do you live, who's in your family.
Imagine if it had your basic
professional info. What's your job?
What's the title? What's the role? What
team are you on? Who do you report to?
Who do who who reports to you?
Imagine if it had go just going around
clockwise around the circle, your income
sources. Do you ever ask AI for any
advice or have any questions for it
related to money? Related to your
finances or related to getting a
promotion or related to how you invest
or how you save? Well, wouldn't it be
useful if it knew how much money you
make every year or if it knew what your
investments are currently or if it knew
your risk tolerance for your finances or
if it knew how much savings you have.
You have to provide this information.
[laughter]
[gasps] And I'll just go quickly like AI
needs to know your core values. I'm not
talking about company. I mean you as an
individual. What are the your core
values in life? What is your vision?
What is your mission?
What are your intentions for AI usage?
How what are you trying to accomplish in
your usage of AI? What are your
communication preferences? How do you
like to communicate and collaborate? How
do you not like to? Your working style,
your your tool preferences, your
workflows, your rules, your boundaries,
your goals and intentions. Goals and
intentions are twice because they're so
important. [laughter] Your personal
SWAT, your strengths, your weaknesses,
your opportunities, your threats, your
skills, what quality looks like to you.
Okay, I know this might seem like a lot.
Like when I talk to people, even people
who are very deep in AI, who have very
sophisticated systems, I 99% of the time
when I ask them if they have this this
this kind of information provided to
their AI tool of choice, the answer is
no. I I kind of can't believe that after
all this time we still largely don't do
this.
All right,
so let me show you
All right, this is my cloud.
This is the desktop app for Mac.
And what you're looking at, let's just
make this very simple. So, I'm clicking
over here on the left where it says
projects. See that? A project is simply
a little self-contained almost think of
it like a folder that is kind of
self-contained. It's limited. Everything
that happens within that little
container is limited to that container.
Okay? So, I have one for the book I'm
writing, for the upcoming cohort, for
the company as a whole, for my writing,
for a different program that we run.
Each little self-contained box.
So, the one I want to go into is
Thiago's work master prompt. I have a
different one for my personal life cuz I
don't want them to bleed over into each
other. But if I click into that, this is
the project interface. I'll go ahead and
close the sidebar.
Okay. And the main thing I want you to
notice is this little box over here that
says files. This is that curated context
that I was talking about. They're also
known as just project files.
Okay?
And there's only one file. You can have
any number of things. As you can see,
this one document is only using 1% of my
project capacity. So, that's good to
know. I could add lots of other things.
But if you click on this, you'll see my
work master prompt.
All right. So you have basic personal
details about me, where I live, company
information, our AI strategy, our ideal
customer profile, our core products,
um that we offer, the company mission,
the company vision, the core values of
the company, the business strengths. A
lot of this is very businessoriented,
but I have something similar with my
personal master prompt. I have the
weaknesses of the business. Uh examples
of our brand voice. Uh the org chart.
Uh some of our internal processes, our
strategic and operational pro process
architecture, our core value chain, how
we serve customers, etc., etc., etc.
All right. So, with that master prompt,
that's what this is here. as context.
I can ask it something like
with everything that you know about me,
what is the biggest single gap in our
product offerings and what would you
propose in order to address it?
So, the reason I could speak that, by
the way, is I use an app called Whisper
Flow, which allows me to just hold down
a key on my keyboard and speak. Well,
that's one of the capture tools that
we'll show you how to use.
And notice if you look along the top
here, there's three modes that you can
use cloud in. Chat, co-work, and code.
I'm using chat. So, this is the this is
the most basic, the most beginner level,
the most uh elementary
um version of Claude.
If you want more power or you need more
capabilities, you can use the others.
Okay, interesting. So, it has a strong
opinion. Notice that there's no way for
it to have a strong opinion or for its
strong opinion to be of any use to me if
it doesn't have a tremendous amount of
context. Think how much context you need
to answer this question. You got to be
able to holistically see the entire
business plus my role in that business.
And here's the gap that it sees. You
have no scalable hightouch offering that
doesn't require Thiago's direct
involvement. And I think that I mean
that's exactly right. It's so true. And
then it makes a proposal here.
Okay. So notice that it knows my product
ladder, how people kind of ascend
through our ecosystem. It knows that I
am involved highly involved in pretty
much all of them, especially the
hightouch ones.
Um it it knows that this is capitalizing
on our three biggest strengths. Uh, it
knows that we previously tried to move
into B2B offerings and it didn't work
and it even knows why,
right? And then it has follow-up
questions and they're not just general
vague ones. They're really specific. For
example, what's your wife up to? The
fact that it knows I'm married, knows
her name, knows what she's up to, knows
that she's not currently involved in the
business. This isn't a long response.
Look, this isn't one of those like mega
five, you know, hundred or a
thousandword things that I have to pour
through. It's just a very succinct and
very targeted kind of observation the
way that a coach would do pointing out
what's missing in my work currently. And
I think it's quite insightful and quite
accurate.
Okay. And the other thing I want to show
you before we move on is
uh let's see.
Notice that this was updated today. See
326. I updated it this morning. And the
way that I updated that, I'm not going
to get into this now, but every once in
a while, every week or two weeks or
three weeks or whenever, I give it
access to my notes and I say based on
all of my latest notes across all my
current projects, all the areas of
responsibility, all the resources, if
there's any new ones or any new
archives, update my master prompt. And
it did that in a few minutes. I think I
told it to do that. I went and heated up
my coffee, came back, and it was done.
Do you guys understand what is going on
here? [laughter]
Like this is so insane. This is so
insane that I can just take notes in my
casual free form kind of messy way and
then once a week or every two weeks say,
"Hey, claude code." In this case, I use
cloud code. Update my master prompt. And
it went ahead and did that.
And and that's just like the most basic
level. That's just like kind of beginner
or what we call the foundational level
of what this looks like.
All right.
I don't know about you, but my my mind
is still blown by this. [laughter]
Okay. I can sense there's questions. I
can feel the the the title wave of
doubts and worries and follow-ups, and I
want to get to those. Um, I think
there's just a couple more things I want
to share with you and then we'll pause.
[clears throat]
So,
how do I recommend you go about creating
this thing called a master prompt? I
have a very strong opinion on this.
Okay. And this really speaks to what I
think I've done so much reflection on
the, you know, the decade that we were
teaching building a second brain. the
the previous you know the previous
ecosystem the previous method uh we
taught it in so many different formats
in so many different ways and just
reflecting on all that experience I
think there was a big mistake that I
made there was like there was a variety
of mistakes but this was the biggest one
which is I sort of imagined the ideal
system what is the ultimate way this
looks which for me took years and years
and many iterations many versions and
then I said, "Let me teach this ultimate
system to everyone."
And that had, you know, some benefits.
It was it was impressive. It was
inspiring. Kind of got you excited.
But I think the problem with that
approach is the the fully mature system,
as cool as it is, is not how you start.
That's that that can't be how you start.
That's the worst way to start. That's
trying to, you know, to swallow
something that you're not ready for.
it's trying to build something that is,
you know, on version 15 when you really
need need to start with version one.
So, in this cohort, in this program, I'm
going to try to rectify that mistake.
And the way we're going to do that is
we're going to build the same system
three times.
Okay? So, week one, we're going to spend
week one at the foundational level just
creating the basic master prompt. the
the version that I really believe is
like the MVP, the minimum viable
product, the minimum viable prompt, like
what every single professional, no
matter what you do, needs to have. We're
going to do that in week one. So, if you
just do week one and then you get busy
or you drop off or that's enough for
you, great. You've got the the 8020 of
what I have to offer. Okay? And the the
the other thing that's important here is
even for those of you who are more
advanced and many of you are, if you
think about it, most of your AI
interactions still reside at at kind of
a basic level, right? You don't need to
fire up the most advanced system. You
don't need to fire up cloud code for
probably, I don't know, 50 60 70% of
your AI interactions. So even for
advanced users, you want almost like a
fallback. You want something that is
that is small, simple, and minimal and
streamlined that you can fall back to
for those kind of simple everyday
interactions. And that's the
foundational level.
Then we're going to do it again. We're
going to sort of rebuild the system in
week two at an intermediate level
because what you're going to find is for
many tasks that foundational level is
not enough. And and it's funny. I
actually want you I want you to run into
those barriers yourself. I want you to
have the experience of what it's like
having a more basic master prompt and
then running up against the limits of
it, the places where it doesn't work.
And there's so many.
So then you feel the need like
viscerally like in your gut you feel the
need for what we're going to do at the
intermediate level which is basically to
break apart your master prompt into
little modular bundles.
Okay, I know that sounds kind of you
know complicated but it just basically
means imagine your master prompt as a
whole whole collection of different
documents and you only load up the ones
that you need when you need them. So
imagine you have a master prompt just
for one project. If you're working on
that project, you only load up that
master prompt and nothing else. You have
a master prompt for your finances. You
have a master prompt for your
relationship. You have one for your
health. You have one for your vacations.
You have like for each little part of
your life and your work, you have like
almost like a little specialized master
prompt so that you avoid kind of
overloading it and confusing it with too
much random context.
Okay. Then in week three, we're going to
do it again because the intermediate
level is also uh it's not that it's not
enough, it's that it has limitations.
There's always limitations.
So the important point here is it is
only at the advanced level that we're
going to layer in all the stuff, the
crazy, complicated, impressive,
sophisticated stuff that makes up 90% of
what you see on social media. Okay? the
long-term memory where the the AI can
actually build and keep track of its own
memory itself. Uh agents and sub aents,
integrations with other platforms,
advanced harnesses, all this stuff
that's going on, I really strongly
believe should only come at the advanced
level when you have the the previous
layers, the more foundational levels in
place.
All right.
So, uh, I think I'm gonna pause here.
Okay, that was that was a lot already.
[laughter]
Um, I'm just opening the chat now.
Team, do you have any uh questions or
comments you want to surface for me?
>> Yeah, for sure. Um, definitely seeing a
theme around privacy and security when
it comes to the master prompt. This is a
question that that popped up a lot. So,
how do you think about that? Like giving
more sort of like sensitive personal
data to the LLM or putting it into your
master prompt.
This is a whole conversation.
[laughter]
It's a whole conversation. We're we
we're going to have not an entire live
session, but a big chunk of one towards
the end, I believe, about this because
it's very nuanced, you guys. It's very
nuanced. Don't don't think there's a
single like the single answers that you
get these days are very black and white.
They're very all or nothing. Give AI
everything. It's no problem. You know,
YOLO and the other extreme is no. AI is
inherently evil. It's stealing all your
data. I'm pretty sure there's some
middle ground there. [laughter]
Um and it it has implications. It has
implications for which tools you use in
the first place, for how you use those
tools, for what you provide to those
tools, for the permissions you give at
different levels. There there's this is
a world and we will talk about it for
sure, but it's nuanced.
I would say it's if I had if I had to
say one answer, it's just a trade-off
like everything. It's a trade-off
between getting the power and the
leverage of AI without getting the risk
and the pitfalls and the dangers of of
AI.
Yeah, I like how Mo just put it in the
in the chat. Um, security in the AI era
is a calculated risk.
>> Yeah, like everything. I mean,
everything is a risk. Getting in your
car, driving down the freeway, probably,
you know, one of the biggest risks you
take. They're they're all calculated.
They're mitigated. They're um they're
counterbalanced.
Yeah. Anything else?
Okay. Should we get to some questions
from the Q&A?
>> Yeah. Would you mind surfacing those for
me because the the chat is pretty crazy
right now? [laughter]
>> All right.
Let's pick this one from from Julie. I'm
building my second brain in notion and
claude. Um, I bought the notion power
template.
Personally working with Claude director,
do you have Claude skills you're
building or endorsing? How will the
cohort maybe cover skills?
>> Yes, we will talk about skills. That's
one of those, I'd say, intermediate to
advanced things. So, what you're going
to notice is that when you build your
foundational master prompt, you're going
to put stuff in there that later on I'm
going to have you look look through it
or have your AI look through it, and
you're going to notice some of the stuff
you're putting in your master prompt
shouldn't be there. It should be skills.
If it's like something like in in this
case do that or in these situations
apply this this lens those things that
that are sort of triggered. Uh I mean
you can you can create something else
that's called a hook. This is this is
advanced but you can create a hook or a
skill. It's it's almost like what was
originally just this single monolithic
master prompt is now being pulled apart
into different specialized purpose-built
tools.
But I want you to start with the master
prompt. Just get it all in one place
because AI can do a lot of that for you.
It can tell you what things should be
and where they go and what format they
should be in.
Yeah. Skill skills are of of the
advanced things we're going to look at.
think is so one of the criteria that I
have is just what's mature. I'm only
going to teach you guys things that are
mature that are proven. Uh because
there's this wild crazy frontier right
now like like OpenClaw for example.
We're not going to do anything related
to OpenClaw because it is a circus. It
is a wild west. I have poured so many
hours with zero return on that thing.
[laughter]
It's not ready. You know, maybe later it
will be ready, but we we are sticking
just to cla code which has been out for
more than a year now. that is mature and
then we'll re revisit what's ready to to
look at in the in the fall.
>> Let's uh go to a comment from Andy who
is on answering uh asking from YouTube
uh about your experience on letting
claude update the master prompt on its
own
>> and how it might understand your
intentions update itself. Um how are you
making sure that the updates actually
happening? Would you like read the whole
thing again?
Yes, that's that's probably the very
first thing that will break in your
master prompt. It will go outdated
within like 48 hours [laughter]
because that's the pace of modern life.
That's that's how fast things move. And
then we're going to have a conversation
because there's there's different
approaches to this, you guys. There's no
this is one of our guiding principles.
In fact, there's never just one right
way. I I I wish there was. I wish I
could just tell you the best way, but
even something as simple as updating
your master prompt. There's sort of a
spectrum, which I think this person was
kind of alluding to, from more automatic
ways, like you could really say, just go
ahead and update it. I don't even need
to know about it. Just do that every
hour, but then there's that that risk
trade-off. It could put something in
there that is not correct or is not
accurate. And then on the other end of
the spectrum is full human updating,
which again has certain advantages and
disadvantages. I tend to be in the
middle which is go ahead and propose a
set of changes. Flag the most high
stakes one for me so that I can say yes
or no or provide input input and then
once I do go ahead and do them.
>> A similar question from Elise and Megan
regarding work versus personal. Would
you recommend different for example claw
accounts for each? Do you put them
together? How how do you think about the
separation?
>> Yeah. Again, this is this is going to be
my stock answer for everything, but this
this is a conversation. I think you need
some sort of separation.
Some sort of separation, but you can do
it. So, we're going to look at something
which is the context stack. Imagine a
pyramid where there's different layers
of context. The ones that are more
foundational influence all of your AI
interactions. So think just just think
for a moment what is so inherent to you
and universal to to everything that you
do that you wanted to influence every
single AI interaction that you have.
There's actually not that many things,
right? That's that's quite a low level.
But then there's higher levels where it
starts to become something that you can
turn on or off. Um I typically choose to
separate it at the level of the master
prompt. I have a master prompt for work
and a different one for personal. And
that's a pretty clean separation.
Um, but then I have both of those in the
same cloud account which is tied to my
work email. So there's always a little
bit of bleeding in and out or some
overlap.
Okay, I think I'm going to keep going.
Um,
okay. So that was that was a little bit
in the weeds, right? Uh, I kind of like
to zoom in and out. Always keep keep in
mind the big picture and not get lost.
And so I want to zoom out.
[clears throat] I want to zoom out
because
it's sort of like one of the the
questions that I I would love for you to
answer out of this this this call is
whether we're the right people for you
to learn from. Right? I don't assume by
any means that I am the right person
that our team is the right person for
everyone, right? You you really want to
find the teacher or the community or the
method or the philosophy that fits you
and that you're going to be able to have
confidence in. So, to help you do that,
I want to just give you I think there's
five of them like my five most
contrarian opinions. They're contrarian
in the sense that they're the most
different from everything that I see
online. everything I see on X, on
Instagram, on LinkedIn, on Substack,
right? So, to the extent that you either
agree with these contrarian opinions or
not even necessarily agree, but are
willing to entertain them, willing to
consider them, then I'm probably the
right teacher for you.
All right,
so the first one is this stuff is hard.
This is like maybe the most contrarian
thing. Every day I see AI influencer
after AI influencer just either say or
imply that it's easy, it's seamless, it
takes seconds, it's it's, you know, you
could do this if you're brain dead. It
takes no effort. And then every time I
take what they're telling me and I go
and just try it virtually all the time,
I find in my experience and I'm, you
know, fairly competent,
uh, it just requires so much more
complexity than they say. so much more
subtlety is involved in the decisions.
There's so much more setup than they,
you know, set the expectations for and
there's so much more maintenance. So, I
just want to be very honest with this
that this isn't this like magic button
that you press and life becomes easy or
your work becomes easy. It's it's hard
work [snorts] and it takes it's in in a
weird way AI takes more cognitive effort
like like it really burns through your
energy to to work with AI because you're
making these these kind of like
architectural decisions that have a lot
of you know downstream implications.
So I'm never going to pretend or say
that this is easy.
Okay.
Number two, um I see a lot of commentary
out there that, oh, you never need to
take notes. Just have your AI notetaker
do everything for you and just, you
know, dump everything on all your drives
and all your your place. No, note-taking
is more valuable than ever. You guys,
you still, it's still requires human
discernment and human judgment to pick
out the signal and the noise.
What of all this stuff matters? what is
the important factor the important
priority what's the point of view that
I'm taking at the same time the val the
value and the purpose of note-taking is
shifting so there's this idea from from
finance from investing called alpha
alpha is a kind of information that
other people don't have right so if you
were a Wall Street investor you you know
maybe you you travel out there to like
Minnesota and you find out that there's
like a you know a pest that is eating
the the corn fields and you have alpha.
You have this unique piece of
information that is not out there in the
public and you can use that alpha to
invest to make decisions that give you a
better return. That same idea is coming
to all knowledge work.
There are pieces of information that are
not known to AI. Information that is
only you know in certain places at
certain times that is in certain
people's heads that is in old books that
have not been digitized. that is in
certain formats such as video and audio
that are harder for the AI to ingest.
There's all the and there's hundreds of
them, hundreds of little pockets of
information of alpha that if you can
find them and capture them in your
notes, you now actually have kind of a
disproportionate advantage over everyone
else who is only using what the AI
already knows and what it already has in
its training data.
Okay. So, we are not leaving note-taking
behind.
Number three, I I am of the opinion that
agents are largely a bunch of BS.
[laughter]
Um, they're so not ready. They're so not
ready. I've I've done so many tests and
so many experiments and I think
basically that the the online hype cycle
is putting just far too much attention
on automation and execution.
Those are the bud buzzwords right now.
AI to automate your life. AI to execute
for you, to, you know, do your to-do
list for you. And I think that's just so
misguided. It's it's not true. They they
actually have tons of bugs. They
constantly fail. They're constantly
making mistakes and in a way it's it's
not even the right place to focus
because the the simplest bits of
execution AI cannot do. The other day I
asked it to just look at my calendar
like the simplest thing. Hey, go and
look at my calendar calendar and tell me
what I'm doing tomorrow. Well, it
immediately deleted a very important
meeting that had 30 people invited to
it. And then it caught it and said, "Oh,
sorry. I deleted that meeting. Let me
undo it." And it said, "I undid it." And
it didn't. It's like execution is not
the right place for AI to focus. What AI
can do, what it's more than ready to do
is judgment or rather helping you with
your judgment. It's decision-making
better decisions. It's researching. It's
it's synthesizing research. It's finding
the gaps in research.
Right? That's the realm of pure
information. the realm of pure
information where it doesn't have to
interact with anyone or anything outside
of your computer which is where it
starts to go wrong. Okay. So we are not
going to be talking about any kind of
agent. We are talking about a cognitive
exoskeleton AI as an enhancement and and
as an amplifier to you the human.
[clears throat] Contrarian opinion
number four is I really think you know
we talk about the frontier of AI. I
really think the true frontier is inside
our minds and bodies.
Um, and we're going to have a series of
guest instructors that are all related
to this. Uh, this is it, you guys. It's
not about the tools. It's not about the
features. It's not about the technology.
It's about do you have self-awareness?
Do you know yourself?
Do you know how your mind works?
Do you have emotional fluidity? Do you
have the ability to shift between
emotions? The ability to regulate
yourself? the ability to rest and
recover. Okay, this over the long term,
maybe not on the order of weeks and
months, but on the order of months and
years, this is what's going to determine
if AI is a force for good in your life
or if it's a force or if it's a negative
force.
And fifth, this might be the most
controversial, but I absolutely refuse
the urgency.
I just think it's so it's so misguided
all this thinking this apocalyptic
thinking that you have three months, you
have six months, you have a year, you
have 18 months to, you know, make all
the money you can before our world is
over and you join the permanent
underclass. I've been alive long enough
that I have seen multiple technology
waves and this is what they always say.
Every single new technology wave, they
say it's all over and you have to do A,
B, and C right now. I I think typically
when they do that, it's it's to get you
to do something, right? It's to get you
to panic, give into fear, buy something,
do something, buy into something, an
idea, and I just won't do it. Okay, this
this is going to take decades.
This is going to take decades.
Um, it's going to play out for the rest
of our lives. when we are, you know, at
the end on our deathbed, [laughter]
there's still going to be arguing about
AI's impact on society. People will
still have jobs. We'll still send our
kids to school. We'll still read books.
I'm not giving in to the panic and the
hype. We are being more thoughtful and
more present uh in the face of what AI
is doing rather than less.
Okay, so we already did that. We're
going to have more time at the end, but
let me just keep going.
So,
let me transition now from sort of
talking in broad strokes about,
you know, my point of view, my method,
my principles, etc. that I'm that I'm
following to the program that we're
launching. Okay, this this is the next
action. This is the concrete thing that
you can do like now like starting today
if you have decided you want to keep
learning with me and keep learning with
us. Okay. It's the first time that we're
teaching uh a live cohort at least we we
did one focus on businesses last year
but this is the first time we're doing
one for individuals for professionals in
three years. It's taken three years of
research and thinking and we've done
many many experiments, many many you
know trial and error things and this is
what we've come up with as as really the
new direction of our entire company and
my work. It's an intensive live 3-week
program. Okay, for 3 weeks we are going
to meet three times a week. I will be
there every minute of it personally to
lead you through everything.
And what you're going to walk away with
here at the bottom is a working AI
second brain at some level of
capability. I don't know if it's going
to be at the foundational level or the
intermediate level or the advanced
level. That's kind of up to you. That's
up to what you're ready for, what you
have time for, what you're even
interested in. Okay? But what that is is
a personalized, organized, contextrich
digital exoskeleton.
And what it's going to do is make every
single conversation and collaboration
not just something that anyone else in
the world would get from working with
AI, but something that's informed by
your expertise, your context, and your
goals and many other things as well.
Okay.
So I want to kind of zoom into that.
What is the way what what are the kind
of the principles that we are using to
deliver this? So the first one is
compression.
Uh the the the the the first assumption
that I have is that you don't have time.
Okay, I'm assuming you don't have time
or at least not as much time as you want
or as you need to uh explore the
frontier of AI. I mean, I don't have
time and it's my full-time job. takes
our entire team spending most of our
time, hundreds, really probably
thousands hours, thousands of hours of
research and experimentation and
hands-on trial and error compressed into
3 weeks. That's the main value
proposition. That's why you should join.
In 3 weeks, we're going to take you from
wherever you are, even if you've just
barely opened ChatP, all the way to not
completely on the frontier because, as I
said, it's not ready, it's not mature,
but pretty close to the frontier.
Everything we do in this cohort is
community centric. Okay. So this is hard
to understand unless you've experienced
it. But the way we do education, it's
not like I have all the answers and I am
just delivering them on to you. Okay?
That that's not how it works. I really
see this cohort more as like it's it's a
learning community. It's a community of
practice. I really want and I and I
expect I'm going to I'm going to ask
those of you in the cohort I I I
hesitate to even call you students. I
like participants or or peers more
because we're going to be constantly
sharing what we're figuring out.
Constantly sharing our experiments, our
mistakes, our failures, our wins and
successes. I would say from our our past
years of doing cohorts that at least 50%
of what you learn and a lot of the most
impactful things come not from me but
from the other participants. It's a it's
a collective it's a it's a crowdsourced
learning experience that we're doing
here.
Everything we do is platform agnostic,
right? We're so I I should say all the
demonstrations will be on Claude, okay?
Because that's the one I know the best.
But everything that we're building, the
master prompt, the little context
bundles, the AI board of adviserss, my
this is like a life principle for me. I
don't do anything that is limited to one
platform. I just don't. That's that's
not a wise thing to do. So everything
we're creating is completely platform
agnostic. You take it with you.
And I think this is the last one, but
and I've I've kind of mentioned it a few
times, but I'm really not interested in
replacing humans. Even if humans can be
replaced,
um that's just not my preference.
[laughter]
I like humans. I value humans. And my
time and attention and effort is going
to augmenting them to making them
smarter, faster, wiser, more embodied,
more connected to their intu int to
their intuition, more creative with
better judgment.
Right? So we we are really focused on
augmentation, not automation.
And this is the price. So regular price
is 3,000 bucks.
We have payment plans available via two
two different services. CLA CLA is one
of them and then Afterpay.
And there's an early bird uh option. So
this is only for the first 50 people,
which is $2,000. It's a $1,000 discount.
I would really encourage you if you are
interested in that to do it now. Like
that will be gone in hours. that will be
gone definitely before the end of today.
[sighs and gasps] And what do you get
for that investment?
A few things. First one is the option to
rejoin the next cohort.
Okay, so the first one, cohort one, the
founding cohort is next month in April.
The next one will be in the fall. We're
not sure exactly when, probably around
September. But you're essentially
getting two for the price of one. you
have the option to join a whole second
cohort in the fall which will have a
whole new curriculum like I'm going to
I'm going to update it probably
massively with a whole new round of
updates with everything that has
happened between April and September.
Okay, you also get access in the in
between time to our second brain
membership. So this is this is the cool
thing is we're not creating a community
from scratch. This is a community that
has been around for many years. Uh it's
called the second brain membership. It's
on a platform called Circle. Uh we have
our own custom app on iOS and Android,
so you can access it on the go. Um
there's polls, there's a discussion
form, there's different spaces you can
join to kind of get into different
niches, you can look up people's
profiles, you can you can DM them,
there's a map, you can see like where in
the world do people live. There's a
whole world in there that you get access
to automatically um when you join the
cohort. I think that's like a I I
believe it's a $650 per year value that
you're going to get with that. Uh and
then everything, all the course
materials, slides, curriculum,
everything will be available for one
year.
Not going to get into this too much cuz
I want time for questions, but we have
so far confirmed four guest instructors.
>> [clears throat]
>> This is something I'm so excited about
because this is almost like a it's like
a parallel curriculum because I really
think these are some of the most
important topics in in on the AI
landscape. My great friend Khloe is
going to talk about attachment, how your
attachment style um shapes how you
attach, how you relate to AI itself. Uh
Joe Hudson, who is I believe one of the
most talented coaches in the world. He's
the personal coach of Sam Alman, has
worked with half a dozen teams at
OpenAI. Uh on the topic of fear, fear
when working with and within AI, uh my
friend Rya is going to talk about AI as
co-creator.
She has some really cool projects and
companies that she started around that.
And then these are all my friends. These
are just basically my buddies that I
that the people that I've learned the
most from that I am, you know, calling
in to teach you as well. Uh Johnny is a
dear friend and he's going to talk about
nervous system regulation. How do you
regulate yourself with the just
unbelievable pace of change that AI is
unleashing upon the world?
And just in case it wasn't clear, this
is not really a 3-w week arc. It's a
year-long arc. Okay? I'm not leaving you
to your own devices on May 1st when the
3-we cohort ends. That's really just
kind of the kickoff. We have a 3-week
kickoff. Then we have five or six months
of uh live events in the membership.
Most of those live events are just going
to unpack and go deeper on what we
covered in the cohort, right? So those
happen at least weekly, sometimes
multiple times a week. We're going to
have all the time in the world to just
get into examples, get into case
studies, get into, you know,
step-by-step walkthroughs, answer your
questions, do coaching sessions. That
all happens within the membership, which
is also in the process of pivoting
toward AI.
Then in the fall, we have cohort number
two with a updated curriculum and then
there's another six months. There's a
second half of that year membership to
then follow up on everything that you
learn there. So what I'm really asking
you to do is to go on a learning journey
with us. Go on a year-long learning
journey. I can't even imagine the things
that are going to be unveiled uh over
the next year in the world of AI, but
we're going to do it together. That's
the bottom line here. That's my
concluding thought is when I think about
the scale of years and decades like
think about what what is most important
if this is something that is going to
unfold over many years and even decades.
I think the single most important thing
for you to decide now is who are you
going to learn with?
You know any book any single book or
video or or course is going to pass away
within a matter of months. uh any
method, any technique, any set of
principles, they're all just being
revolutionized on a monthly basis, what
will persist, I think what's going to
stand the test of time is your
community,
the people, the the the the other human
bodies that you decide you want to
influence and be influenced by.
So I guess if [clears throat] there's
one decision that I would make you know
today whether you choose to join us or
not really it's you know that's
completely your choice just really
thoughtfully consider who do you want to
learn with right don't make the the the
the feed on Twitter your community don't
make the feed of endless hype that
community choose a real community choose
a community that is that is thoughtful
that is wise that is diverse that has a
lot of different viewpoints and really
invest in it. Become a member of that
community.
And if what I've said today resonates
with you, if it feels like it fits the
way you see the world, then I I invite
you to join ours.
All right.
Okay.
That was a lot of talking. We have
[clears throat] 25 minutes left.
and I'm here for you. Give me your
hardest
most complex question.
My answer may be it depends, but I'll do
my best to give you some clarity.
>> All right. So, why not start with a
question from Cherylyn? Can you take
more about how emotional regulation,
nervous system, inner awareness are
critical for this process? Just want to
understand more about how you understand
this and who are some of the guest
instructors. Uh we actually saw that. So
[laughter]
>> yeah, I would say um I just want to say
one thing about that. H this
[clears throat] is a few weeks ago,
about three weeks ago, I did a week-long
uh course with Joe Hudson, one of the
guest instructors uh in Soma in
California. I'm [clears throat] going to
be writing a blog post on this. It's the
the draft is currently 7,000 words and I
think by the time I'm finished, we'll be
like 10,000 words. So, I'm sorry for the
massive amount of text that I'm about to
unleash. Um but the the big
breakthrough, the big takeaway was
around fear. I would not have said that
I was afraid of AI or that I was feeling
fear toward AI. I would have said I was
excited, right? That I was optimistic
and positive. But through this process
and we're going to we're going to do
some of the exercises and some of the
practices that we did in my course. I've
asked Joe to lead us through those like
live on Zoom because it goes so deep. I
I realized that I had so much fear at
multiple levels. Fear on the personal
level. What's going to happen to me, my
work, my career, my income? fear on the
family level. What are my kids' futures
going to be like? What is the right way
to parent? What do my relationships look
like at the level of the team, the
business, the business model, the
industry, all the way to like the fate
of the world and the future of
civilization? There's no way that all
those levels of fear are not really,
really powerfully shaping the way you
think and the decisions you make. And
so, the important thing is not to deny
that. It's to bring it into the light,
to feel through it, because each one of
those kinds of fear are telling you
something. They have a message. They
have a signal that you need to hear. And
the key is just to hear them, which is
I'm making it sound like an intellectual
process. It's not. It's a sematic
embodied experiential process. And we
will we will try some of that in that
guest session.
What else? Anything especially that we
like didn't cover on the the website or
in this in the emails that I've been
sending out? Something that has not been
addressed elsewhere.
>> Yeah, I'm I'm hearing um that some
people are a little bit concerned if
they are not really fully up to speed
with maybe code or parah yet that they
might be starting the cohort uh already
on the behind. So, what could you say
about that?
Yeah. [clears throat] So, a couple
things. Um, the first thing you will see
the minute you sign up, like even today,
um, is we have a little I I believe it's
already in there, right, Julia? The
cloud course.
>> Is that in the curriculum?
>> Yes, we have a beginner's guide to
claude that you will get immediate
access to when you sign up.
>> So, we're really not assuming any
knowledge. like it's probably helpful if
you've opened chat GPT once or twice uh
or Claude, but um the first thing you
will see in the curriculum like right
now when you sign up for the cohort is a
pretty s it's it's not extensive. It's
maybe like five or six modules or
something like that just giving you a
beginner's introduction to Claude,
right? So, we're giving that to you up
front. So, like when I refer to a
certain feature or I talk about
something that is specific to Claude,
you can already know what I'm talking
about. That's the first thing. The other
thing is we have so much existing
content and I I agree it's almost a
problem because you know I'm not going
to have you go read the parah book that
would take a long time. Just watch the
par video. Okay, that's 10 minutes and
you can get most of what you need to
know. Uh if you need to know about code
we have I believe a video on that.
There's for practically everything that
I'm going to talk about that is sort of
like foundational knowledge. there is
either an existing piece of content that
is quite succinct that you can consume
in a matter of minutes or maybe half an
hour or something and if not then we're
going to provide it as part of like the
pre-work the precurriculum inside
circle. Um I my my principle here is I
want the floor to be very low. I mean
I'm going to have like my family members
my my parents [gasps]
sorry for using you guys as an example.
I think they're on the call right now
but my parents are going to be there.
Okay. They're the ultimate
[laughter]
the ultimate judge of whether we've made
it, you know, easy to understand. But
then I want to make this the the the
ceiling very high. I want those of you
that are like all into this, that are
obsessed, that are just like going full
speed ahead by the time the cohort is
finished to feel like you've really
raised the ceiling of capability, which
does mean we're going to move fast. The
only way to have those two things is for
there to be a ste a steep learning
curve. And so we have, you know, we have
three 90-minute calls a week. It's It's
intensive. I put that word intensive in
there. It's not an accident. Like, you
really need to like set aside the time,
honestly.
Like, set aside the time for it.
>> Question from Megan. How much time will
we spend on personal development work
versus sort of like this AI and second
brain training?
>> Yeah, it's a great question. So,
Excuse me.
Um,
so part part of my answer to all these
kinds of questions is
we are going to very much adapt and flex
what we're teaching in response to what
people are experiencing like like this.
This is actually a very important kind
of disclaimer. Um, the whole point of
the live cohort is not to like take you
on a forced march through this
curriculum exactly as designed. It's to
feel you out. It's to feel you out. And
I have so many ways of doing that. I
have the little feedback surveys. I have
your circle comments. I have the
expression on your face on Zoom because
we'll be in in meeting mode. So, I'll be
able to see the gallery of all your
faces. I have your comments in the chat.
If I sense that people are struggling or
that we're moving too fast or that a you
know a previous concept didn't land then
we stop. We don't we don't just like
charge ahead. We flex. We adapt. We move
faster. We slower move slower. We often
like we'll create sessions like brand
new sessions. We'll be like hey we need
a breakout call a whole other call to
just talk about that thing cuz there's
like say a small sub small subset of
people who are interested in that. It's
a it's an interactive experience. Okay.
Um I always say that each and every
person in the cohort very like very much
shapes the cohort like individual people
change they have an impact on how we go
and where we go and that's so important
right um and so it's it partially
depends on the the interest in that
personal development side that I sense
if we have like five people interested
in it I'll kind of be like uh let's just
kind of like move that conversation to
the the guest sessions which is almost
like a parallel curriculum.
If there's a lot of interest in it, we
may we may emphasize it quite a bit.
Depends.
All right. What else?
>> Um I I just want to mention that we have
already sold out of of our 50 seats uh
at the $2,000 level.
>> Okay. So that that wasn't planned. That
wasn't like one of these like crazy
urgency creating tactics. That was much
faster than I expected. But uh early
bird is over. Early bird is finished.
[snorts]
>> All right. Okay. I want to uh ask a
question from Preston. How do you find
your alpha with AI? [clears throat]
>> Yes. Such a great one. Such a great one.
Oh my gosh. We're going to talk about
this. We have a whole session dedicated
to note-taking and capture because it's
subtle, you guys. It's so subtle. Like,
I'll [clears throat] just give you like
one random example. Um,
I'm I'm really getting into local
history.
This is this is the last thing I ever
thought I would be interested in, but uh
we live in this Mexican town right now.
It's a it's a small town. I mean,
smallish 100,000 people. Small compared
to Mexico City, right? And I'm noticing
that it has a really rich history that
goes back almost 500 years. And none of
it is digital. You can't find it online.
I've tried asking every AI platform.
They're all like, "We know nothing about
this town, right?" And at first I was
like annoyed. I'm like, "I just want to,
you know, I want a quick, easy,
convenient, seamless way of learning
this." But as I thought about it, I'm
like, "Oh my god, this is an incredible
opportunity." And I'm now like I'm kind
of like Indiana Jones. I'm like going to
the local library and taking out old
books and literally like blowing on them
with like the dust, you know, [laughter]
[gasps] and it's like I get to go on
this little adventure of finding these
these rare physical printed documents
and like reading it reading through them
in some cases in like old Spanish using
AI to translate the old Spanish into
English. Um I'm working on a blog post
where I'm going to talk about the 500y
year history of this town. And so that's
one example that I never would have
imagined. Local history. Think about the
the local history that exists all over
the world. Most of it is not digitized.
Most of it is is not in the AI training
data and therefore that's alpha.
Now, how you take advantage of that
alpha, that's a separate question. You
know, maybe there's not like a direct
way to say make money off that. But like
in my case, I'm using it for community
building. I'm starting a nonprofit with
a friend uh to promote like
sustainability and innovation in this
town. And I'm going to like share this
research with this little community that
we're building as a way of saying like
you guys there's a really rich uh
tradition here. There's a rich legacy.
And so like the return on investment for
me is not dollars. It's like connection,
interestingness, satisfying my
curiosity, having conversation fodder
for, you know, these local
friends that I have in my town. So you
got to think beyond finances, think
beyond money. Um, but there's so many
examples like things that happen in
conversation are alpha
conversation with friends, things that
uh happened in the past like during your
childhood. I'm doing another project now
to digitize all my home videos from my
childhood cuz I realized, holy crap,
those grainy lowresolution home videos
from when I was five, AI can will soon
is pretty close to being able to like
extract tremendous meaning from that or
at least just edit it into like a
highlight reel. Uh, it's everywhere.
Alpha's everywhere.
Uh, but you got to you got to you got to
think, you got to pay attention. You got
to think like what kinds of alpha are
most relevant to you. And then you have
to find an efficient means of capture
for getting that alpha into your own
context.
Okay. Okay, so this is a question from a
little earlier and I don't remember who
asked it but it was around like specific
like use cases like how have you
specifically seen this sort of like help
you like you know the master prompt what
you will be teaching
what what results talking about the
results we've gotten
>> yeah sometimes we nerd out on the the
process so much that we forget you know
the results [laughter]
um there was another comment too I saw
in the chat like is this just for
business or even just for work. And I
would say absolutely not. Uh those tend
to be I tend to use workrelated examples
cuz the return on investment the the
investment of your time is so clear. But
I would say the impacts have been just
as big in my personal life. I'll give
you a couple examples and this is what
we're going to tackle in the AI board of
adviserss. Those those advisers are not
just for work life. I have actually
found them more useful in my personal
life because in my personal life I don't
have as good of advice. I I I like can't
justify you know the the consulting and
the coaching in my personal life. So
oneam the two examples are my health and
my finances. So, with my health, I'm
going to write this up uh soon, but you
guys, I've just I've just started
basically assembling all the context I
can find about my health, providing it
to my AI health coach, my health
advisor, and I I would say I have
learned more about health and my own
personal health in the past couple
months than than I ever have before.
like the its ability to cross reference.
Oh, you're taking that supplement, but
you're also do you're also having that
protein after your workouts. Well, that
this ingredient and that protein, which
I shared with it, is counteracting and
making it so you can't absorb that
supplement. Or, oh, you're trying to get
more protein in your diet, but you're
you're eating too much steak. That's too
much red meat, which is increasing your
cholesterol, which I know you're trying
to keep an eye on. So, substitute 50% of
that that red meat intake with fish and
chicken. like things like you would need
a team of not even doctors cuz doctors
aren't good at nutrition. You would need
a team of nutritionists
around the table, you know, going
through your health documents and which
are of course are in a dozen different
formats. It's crazy the number of
formats you have to work with with
health. And I talk to it almost every
day. Uh and now I'm doing the same for
my family. I'm creating health advisors
for different members of my family
because I'm just like my parents, you
know, they're they're getting old and
they don't have anywhere near this good
of advice for their health.
Um, the other one is um finances.
Um, we've worked with a financial
adviser before, but do you know what
financial adviserss charge?
Like they charge a percentage of fees
under management. Have you seen the math
on like if you work with a financial
adviser like over 5 10 20 years, you're
paying them like a sizable percentage of
all the money that you make from your
investing. It's absurd, right? Even the
the adviserss that you can pay like by
the hour are expensive. Um, and so I've
given it uh our financial context and
there just all these all these like
mistaken assumptions I was making about
my finances. There were some things I
just flat out did not understand about
how retirement account works, accounts
work, how 529 education accounts work.
Like I had certain ideas of what risk is
or even means that we're actually
completely misguided. Uh and we've
significantly changed how we save, how
we invest, how we give, how we how we uh
donate uh based on our work with our AI
financial adviser. Those are a couple
examples.
So the the reason you need your uh we
have 10 minutes left your board of
adviserss is so this is another example
of where the master prompt fails your
master prompt is very like hor think of
it as horizontal right it's across like
I said everything it's across every AI
interaction right but if you have a
certain domain of your work or
like health, like finances. At work, it
might be like looking at your HR
policies or looking at your insurance
needs or looking at your marketing
strategy. Like one vertical slice, your
master prompt won't have anywhere near
enough context, right? How could it? How
could it? So for So for those vertical
slices, you have to go really deep on
just that slice. Where is the context
that you'll need? And often like you got
to you got to go spelunking. You got to
go log into random platforms, download
things, convert them from one format.
We're going to talk all about this, but
convert them in into a format that is AI
friendly such as markdown. You have to
um you have to do a little dedicated
like curation effort to get that context
in one place because it tends to either
not exist at all or not exist in digital
form or not exist in a digital form that
AI can make use of.
Um, a few folks have asked if this is
suited for people with ADHD. And maybe
the broader question is who is really
best uh would best benefit from the
court.
>> Yeah, there's a few I think we have this
on the website, but there's a few people
that come to mind. Um,
I mean the the the main one as I said is
if time is a constraint because if time
is not a constraint, if you can afford
to spend I I feel like realistically it
takes at least one or two hours a day to
kind of tread water. Like that's just
that's like maintenance. That's like
basic maintenance. It it really does you
guys. um like those one to two hours
would just be spent sort of like
maintaining what you already have. You
know, as I said before, it takes
maintenance. Don't let anyone convince
you that no maintenance is required. Uh
and then I think you would need at least
another one or two hours to do anything
new, to learn anything new, try anything
new, adopt anything new. So like 3 to
four hours I feel like is what it really
takes. If you have 3 to four hours a
day, go for it. Like do trial and error.
There's no there's nothing like direct
experience.
Right. Um, but if you don't, then allow
us to compress.
You know what I noticed that was funny?
I I went through months or even like
years of of notes and notion docs and
experiments and different things uh
designing this curriculum. There was
like a six-month window,
only things about 6 months old. So, up
to like the beginning of the fourth
quarter of last year were relevant and
then it like dropped off. Everything
that was more than 6 month older was
like zero relevant, zero usage. is
actually like the wrong thing to pay
attention to. So I kind of think in AI
right now there's like a moving
six-month window of relevance. And so
this cohort, this 3WE cohort, we're
getting really the last 6 months and
we're compressing it into I think about
15 hours is what we have in terms of
live sessions. So 6 months of time
compressed into 15 hours. That's the
main value. And then besides that, I
would say professionals. There will
there will be I would say more of an
emphasis on work. that's tends to be the
arena where people use AI more. Uh
people who um
are neurode divergent and have ADHD. I
kind of think that this is a golden age.
This is the AI is ushering in a golden
age for people with ADHD and people who
are neurode divergent because finally
multitasking
[laughter]
such as between multiple cloud code
sessions that are all happening at the
same time or multiple agents that are
all working that's that's now going to
become one of the most valuable skills.
It's going to be become so incredibly
important to be able to do that and it
is a skill. It's a skill. It's like the
skill of middle management. Those of you
who are are middle managers and have,
you know, eight direct reports that
people talk about, oh, middle management
is going away. That's going to be the
first people to lose their jobs, maybe.
So, but you're just we're all going to
become middle managers now. We're all
middle managers of our own team of AI
agents. And as any manager will tell
you, I mean, people people go through an
incredible like transformation to become
managers to be able to lead, to be able
to delegate, to be able to coach, to be
able to guide, to see things from
different perspectives and let go of
your perspective to take on someone
else's. It's like a whole skill set that
we kind of need to learn now. And people
with ADHD, I I I've seen some examples
that they tend to thrive in that
environment.
Who else? Um, any anyone else come to
mind, Julia, as a as a good fit for
this?
>> I was answering questions and not
listening to you. [laughter]
>> Perfect example.
Okay.
>> Uh, question from Maria. She's in the
middle of reading second building
building a second brain. What's your
advice on starting to capture at this
point?
I
>> think we've already talked quite a bit
about capture. I would just say it
continues to be important, as important
as ever. But the way it happens and what
it's focused on needs to change
needs to change needs to become more
about just more about finding whatever
is not in AI's training data or what AI
cannot find through a web search. It's
as simple as that.
Anything else? 5 minutes left.
I wish I could see you all. I can I can
get a sense of you from the chat over
here on the right, but it's kind of
there's a lot going on. But I love I
love that we do meeting mode in the
cohort because it's it's it's almost
like we're just like it's like a work
meeting. We're getting on with our
colleagues, our collaborators, our
peers, and we are like, yes, I'm
teaching, but we're also kind of
knowledge sharing. We're giving feedback
on different things. We're sharing
things we've tried. No, no one, no
single person has enough time to try
everything. It's impossible. So, I I
really in in a funny way, I'm trying I'm
[laughter]
very much just trying to assemble the
group of people that I personally want
to learn with, honestly. Like, that's
it. I'm trying to bring together a
little crew
uh that you know shares some principles
but then has other you know divergent
and diverse points of view because I
want to spend the next few years
learning learning with those people and
I can't do it all myself. Even our team
of six cannot do it all ourselves.
Oh, the t-shirt. Yeah, this is these are
the previous t-shirts. I guess they
still kind of apply. Um I've long wanted
to make the t-shirts available uh on the
website. Maybe we'll do that. [laughter]
Uh there's no
>> finally make an attempt.
>> There's no attendance limit. This is
something that has always been important
to me. Um that to me feels like an
artificial constraint. Like why as long
as Zoom can support it, why put a cap on
it? Uh which also means we don't
actually we really have no idea how many
people are gonna are going to end up in
this. My goal was at least 50. 50 is
kind of a nice number. Seems like it's
going to be more than that, but um we
don't know for sure how many people will
be in there.
And I just want to point out if anyone
has questions, um you can reach out to
us at support forlabs.com.
We'll be right there answering your
questions.
>> Thanks everyone.
>> I know probably many still have some
[clears throat] Yes, please send us all
your questions. We want to hear them
all. And
>> enrollment is open until April 14th.
That's one day before the first live
session, which is on April 15th.
>> Awesome.
Thank you. Thank you all so much for
being here. I appreciate you
and I hope to see you soon somewhere.
[laughter]
[clears throat]
Bye everyone.
>> Thank you everyone.